setup in window machine :

1. multipass and virtual box download in windows machine for devlop the linux device driver 

     https://documentation.ubuntu.com/multipass/en/latest/how-to-guides/install-multipass/

    VirtualBox
    Multipass also supports using VirtualBox as a virtualisation provider. You can download the latest version from the VirtualBox download page.

   multipass : 

    Download the latest installer from our download page. You can also get pre-release versions from the GitHub releases page, look for the .msi file.

2. download th vs code software
    https://code.visualstudio.com/

3. ceate a virtual machine using primary name  
    enter the below command on terminal 
   1) multipass networks
   here we can see the which is network connected (like WiFi)
   2)    multipass launch --network (network name) --name primary
      ex:  multipass launch --network WiFi --name primary

3.   setup the primary machine to accept ssh connection using password 
      edit file and restart few service.
      set the password for the user - ubuntu
      open the vs code and click the extension icon and downlaod 
        Remote development software  
       once the done the downlaod you can see the ssh icon  and click the 
        "+"  add  here  ubuntu@IP address past and connect 
   meanwhile you can open terminal enter the below command
      multipass list
   here you can see the IP address and copy the ip address past to the vs code 

   next command :
      multipass shell 
    it enter the ubuntu machine 

   edit some file using below command : 
      sudo vim /etc/ssh/sshd_config
      intialliy  kbdInteractiveAuthentication is "no"
      change  kbdInteractiveAuthentication to "yes" 
  reload the daemon the system :
   sudo systemctl daemon-reload
   sudo service ssh restart
   sudo passwd ubuntu 
  here you can enter new password 

4.  multipass shell : uses relaunch the ubuntu machine  
     or multipass start primary , multipass stop primary use for stop the process



** :  if you want to see what kind of file present in the directory below command use it.
      file *
     it will provide the info  all files present in the currect directory


proc_fs file use for : creates a virtual  file but we can do read, write opertions, these file are not be stored in real harddisk.
                     file information can print dynamically 


     

 
 

 
   
